Polish README.md (#134)
CABLE-LSM/benchcab: README.md

# benchcab

[![Documentation status][readthedocs_badge]][docs] [![Test coverage][codecov_badge]][codecov_summary] [![Conda package status][conda_badge]][conda]

> `benchcab` is a testing framework that tests the CABLE land surface model across a range of model configurations and model versions. The tool checks out the model versions specified by the user, builds the required executables, and runs each model version across N standard science configurations. Model outputs are then piped into a benchmark analysis via [modelevaluation.org][meorg] from which the user can assess model performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`benchcab` is a testing framework that tests the CABLE land surface model across a range of model configurations and model versions. The tool:

- checks out the model versions specified by the user
- builds the required executables
- runs each model version across N standard science configurations
- performs a bitwise comparison between CABLE simulations for the same science configuration but different model versions. 

The user can then pipe the model outputs into a benchmark analysis via [modelevaluation.org][meorg] to assess model performance.

```
The steps are clearer in a list because of the number of them.

I want to make obvious the last step is manual. I know it will have to be changed but I don't know when the API will come in.
